# packages in environment at C:\Users\mmaresch\Miniconda3\envs\py_env_gpu:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aiohappyeyeballs          2.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
aiohttp                   3.10.10                  pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
albucore                  0.0.19                   pypi_0    pypi
albumentations            1.4.20                   pypi_0    pypi
altair                    5.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
annotated-types           0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     4.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
arena-api                 2.5.9                    pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               23.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
asttokens                 2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
async-lru                 2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     24.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
babel                     2.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3                   pypi_0    pypi
bleach                    6.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
blinker                   1.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
braincube-connector       2.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
bzip2                     1.0.8                h2bbff1b_6  
ca-certificates           2024.3.11            haa95532_0  
cachetools                5.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2024.8.30                pypi_0    pypi
cffi                      1.17.1                   pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        3.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
click-default-group       1.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
comm                      0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
contourpy                 1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
cython                    3.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
dataclasses-json          0.6.7                    pypi_0    pypi
db-dtypes                 1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.8.7                    pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
defusedxml                0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
deprecated                1.2.14                   pypi_0    pypi
dirtyjson                 1.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
diskcache                 5.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
distro                    1.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
dnspython                 2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
docstring-parser          0.16                     pypi_0    pypi
docutils                  0.21.2                   pypi_0    pypi
durationpy                0.9                      pypi_0    pypi
email-validator           2.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
eval-type-backport        0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
executing                 2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fastjsonschema            2.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.16.1                   pypi_0    pypi
flake8                    7.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
flask                     3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.54.1                   pypi_0    pypi
fpdf2                     2.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2024.10.0                pypi_0    pypi
gitdb                     4.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
gitpython                 3.1.43                   pypi_0    pypi
google-api-core           2.21.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-api-python-client  2.135.0                  pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               2.35.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-httplib2      0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-oauthlib      1.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-aiplatform   1.70.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-bigquery     3.26.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-compute      1.19.2                   pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-core         2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-pipeline-components 2.17.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-resource-manager 1.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-secret-manager 2.21.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-storage      2.18.2                   pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-vision       3.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-crc32c             1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-resumable-media    2.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
googleapis-common-protos  1.65.0                   pypi_0    pypi
greenlet                  3.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
grpc-google-iam-v1        0.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.67.0                   pypi_0    pypi
grpcio-status             1.62.3                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h5py                      3.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
httpcore                  1.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
httplib2                  0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.27.2                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.10                     pypi_0    pypi
imageio                   2.36.0                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        8.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       6.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
imutils                   0.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
iniconfig                 2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
intel-cmplr-lib-ur        2025.0.0                 pypi_0    pypi
intel-openmp              2025.0.0                 pypi_0    pypi
ipykernel                 6.29.5                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython                   8.29.0                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython-genutils          0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
itsdangerous              2.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jax                       0.4.35                   pypi_0    pypi
jaxlib                    0.4.35                   pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jiter                     0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
json-numpy                2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
json5                     0.9.25                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonpatch                 1.33                     pypi_0    pypi
jsonpointer               3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema                4.23.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema-specifications 2024.10.1                pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-client            8.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-contrib-core      0.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-contrib-nbextensions 0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-core              5.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-events            0.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-highlight-selected-word 0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-lsp               2.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-nbextensions-configurator 0.6.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server            2.14.2                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server-terminals  0.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab                4.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-pygments       0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-server         2.27.3                   pypi_0    pypi
kfp                       2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
kfp-pipeline-spec         0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
kfp-server-api            2.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.7                    pypi_0    pypi
kubernetes                26.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain                 0.1.20                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-community       0.0.38                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-core            0.1.52                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-openai          0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
langchain-text-splitters  0.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
langsmith                 0.1.129                  pypi_0    pypi
lazy-loader               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
libffi                    3.4.4                hd77b12b_1  
lightning                 2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
lightning-utilities       0.11.8                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-cloud               0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-cpp-python          0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index               0.11.20                  pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-agent-openai  0.3.4                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-cli           0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-core          0.11.20                  pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-embeddings-openai 0.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-indices-managed-llama-cloud 0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-legacy        0.9.48.post3             pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-llms-ollama   0.3.4                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-llms-openai   0.2.16                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-multi-modal-llms-openai 0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-program-openai 0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-question-gen-openai 0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-readers-file  0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-readers-llama-parse 0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-parse               0.5.12                   pypi_0    pypi
llamaindex-py-client      0.1.19                   pypi_0    pypi
llm                       0.17                     pypi_0    pypi
llvmlite                  0.43.0                   pypi_0    pypi
lmdb                      1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
lxml                      5.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown                  3.7                      pypi_0    pypi
markdown-it-py            3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
marshmallow               3.23.0                   pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.9.2                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
mccabe                    0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mistune                   3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mkl                       2025.0.0                 pypi_0    pypi
ml-dtypes                 0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 6.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mypy-extensions           1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
narwhals                  1.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
nbclient                  0.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
nbconvert                 7.16.4                   pypi_0    pypi
nbformat                  5.10.4                   pypi_0    pypi
nest-asyncio              1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
networkx                  3.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
nltk                      3.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook                  7.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook-shim             0.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
numba                     0.60.0                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.26.4                   pypi_0    pypi
oauthlib                  3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
ollama                    0.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
openai                    1.52.2                   pypi_0    pypi
opencv-contrib-python     4.10.0.84                pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python             4.10.0.84                pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python-headless    4.10.0.84                pypi_0    pypi
openinference-instrumentation 0.1.18                   pypi_0    pypi
openinference-instrumentation-langchain 0.1.28                   pypi_0    pypi
openinference-instrumentation-llama-index 3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
openinference-instrumentation-openai 0.1.14                   pypi_0    pypi
openinference-semantic-conventions 0.1.11                   pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.0.13               h2bbff1b_1  
opentelemetry-api         1.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp 1.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common 1.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc 1.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http 1.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation 0.48b0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-proto       1.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-sdk         1.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions 0.48b0                   pypi_0    pypi
opt-einsum                3.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
orjson                    3.10.10                  pypi_0    pypi
overrides                 7.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 23.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pandas-gbq                0.24.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pandocfilters             1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.4                    pypi_0    pypi
persist-queue             1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.4.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       24.3.1                   pypi_0    pypi
platformdirs              4.3.6                    pypi_0    pypi
pluggy                    1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus-client         0.21.0                   pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.48                   pypi_0    pypi
propcache                 0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
proto-plus                1.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  4.25.5                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    6.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pure-eval                 0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
puremagic                 1.28                     pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   17.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pycodestyle               2.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pycparser                 2.22                     pypi_0    pypi
pydantic                  2.9.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pydantic-core             2.23.4                   pypi_0    pypi
pydantic-settings         2.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pydata-google-auth        1.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pydeck                    0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyflakes                  3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pylucidio                 2.4                      pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pypdf                     4.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyqtree                   1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyreadline3               3.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pyserial                  3.5                      pypi_0    pypi
pytest                    8.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.11.9               he1021f5_0  
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
python-dotenv             1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python-json-logger        2.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
python-ulid               3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pytorch-lightning         2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2024.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pywin32                   308                      pypi_0    pypi
pywinpty                  2.0.14                   pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pyzbar                    0.1.9                    pypi_0    pypi
pyzmq                     26.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
qrcode                    8.0                      pypi_0    pypi
referencing               0.35.1                   pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2024.9.11                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.32.3                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
requests-toolbelt         0.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      13.9.3                   pypi_0    pypi
rpds-py                   0.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.9                      pypi_0    pypi
ruff                      0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
scikit-image              0.24.0                   pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
segment-anything          1.0                      pypi_0    pypi
send2trash                1.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                75.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
shapely                   2.0.6                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
smmap                     5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sniffio                   1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.6                      pypi_0    pypi
sqlalchemy                2.0.36                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.45.3               h2bbff1b_0  
sqlite-fts4               1.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlite-migrate            0.1b0                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlite-utils              3.37                     pypi_0    pypi
stack-data                0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
streamlit                 1.39.0                   pypi_0    pypi
stringzilla               3.10.5                   pypi_0    pypi
striprtf                  0.0.26                   pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.13.3                   pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tbb                       2022.0.0                 pypi_0    pypi
tcmlib                    1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tenacity                  8.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tifffile                  2024.9.20                pypi_0    pypi
tiktoken                  0.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tinycss2                  1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.14               h0416ee5_0  
toml                      0.10.2                   pypi_0    pypi
torch                     2.4.1+cu124              pypi_0    pypi
torchaudio                2.4.1+cu124              pypi_0    pypi
torchmetrics              1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.19.1+cu124             pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.66.5                   pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.14.3                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-inspect            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2024.2                   pypi_0    pypi
umf                       0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
uritemplate               4.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.26.19                  pypi_0    pypi
vc                        14.2                 h21ff451_1  
vs2015_runtime            14.27.29016          h5e58377_2  
watchdog                  5.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.13                   pypi_0    pypi
webencodings              0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  3.0.6                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.44.0                   pypi_0    pypi
wrapt                     1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
xlsxwriter                3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.4.6                h8cc25b3_1  
yarl                      1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
yoctopuce                 2.0.62875                pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.20.2                   pypi_0    pypi
zlib                      1.2.13               h8cc25b3_1
